fix: define JSON String templating language for template strings (#146)
open-rpc/spec: README.md

Throughout the specification `description` fields are noted as supporting Github markdown formatting.
Where OpenRPC tooling renders rich text it MUST support, at a minimum, markdown syntax as described by [GitHub Flavored Markdown](https://github.github.com/gfm/). Tooling MAY choose to ignore some GitHub Flavored Markdown features to address security concerns.

> ### Template Strings

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

> The template language used throughout the specification is defined by [String JSON template language](https://github.com/etclabscore/string-json-template-language).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

Field Name | Type | Description
---|:---:|---
<a name="server-name"></a>name | `string` | **REQUIRED**. A name to be used as the cannonical name for the server.

> <a name="server-url"></a>url | [Template String](#template-strings) | **REQUIRED**. A URL to the target host.  This URL supports Server Variables and MAY be relative, to indicate that the host location is relative to the location where the OpenRPC document is being served. [Server Variables](#server-variables) are passed into the [Runtime Expression](#runtime-expression) to produce a server URL.

Author: ```suggestion
<a name="server-url"></a>url | `string` | **REQUIRED**. A URL to the target host.  This URL supports Server Variables and MAY be relative, to indicate that the host location is relative to the location where the OpenRPC document is being served. [Server Variables](#server-variables) are passed into the [Runtime Expression](#runtime-expression) to produce a server URL.
```

###### Runtime Expression

> Runtime expressions allow the user to define an expression which will evaluate to a string once the result and params are known. They are used when the desired value of a link or server can only be constructed at run time.

Author: ```suggestion
Runtime expressions allow the user to define an expression which will evaluate to a string once the desired value(s) are known. They are used when the desired value of a link or server can only be constructed at run time.
```

###### Runtime Expression

> Runtime expressions allow defining values based on information that will only be available within params or the result in an actual JSON-RPC API call.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Runtime expressions allow the user to define an expression which will evaluate to a string once the result and params are known. They are used when the desired value of a link or server can only be constructed at run time.
```

This mechanism is used by [Link Objects](#link-object).

> The runtime expression makes use of [Template Strings](#template-strings) to provide a familiar interface to reference the JSON-RPC params or result.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The runtime expression makes use of [string-json-template-language](https://github.com/etclabscore/string-json-template-language) syntax.
```

> Since JSON-RPC does not make extensive use of status codes, query params or paths, many of the fields do not apply and have been omited.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

The table below provides examples of runtime expressions and examples of their use in a value:

Examples:

> Source Location | example expression  | notes

Reviewer: ```suggestion
example method | RPC Call params | RPC Call result | example expression  | resulting value
```

---|:---|:---|

> Parameters      | `${params.id}`        | Parameters MUST be declared in the `params` section of the parent method or they cannot be evaluated.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`{ "params": [ { "name": "id", "schema": { "type": "number" } } ], "result", { "name": "res", "schema": { "type": "number" } }` | `123` | `321` | `${params.id}` | `123`
```

> Deep Parameters | `${params.user.uuid}`   | In methods which accept nested object payloads, `.` may be used to denote traversal of an object.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`{ "params": [ { "name": "user", "schema": { "type": "object", "properties": { "uuid": { "type": "string" } } } } ], "result", { "name": "res", "schema": { "type": "string"} }` | `{ "uuid": 123}` | `"foo"` | `${params.user.uuid}` | `123`
```

> Deep Parameters Array | `${params.users[0]}`   | In methods which contain nested array payloads, square brackets `[]` may be used to denote index of an array.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`{ "params": [ { "name": "user", "schema": { "type": "array", "items": { "type": "string" } } } ], "result", { "name": "res", "schema": { } }` | `[ "abc", "def" ]` | `"foo"` | `${params.users[0]}` | `"abc"`
```

> Result         | `${result.uuid}`       |  In methods which return payloads, references may be made to portions of result or the entire result.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`{ "params": [ { "name": "user", "schema": { } ], "result", { "name": "res", "schema": { "type": "string" } }` | ` "abc"` | `"foo"` | `${result.uuid}` | `"foo"`
```
